License Agreement
FAST Corner for the iPhone


License Type: Private


This License Agreement is a legal agreement between you
(either an individual or a single entity) and Success 
Software Solutions for the software product identified 
above, including any software, media, and accompanying 
on-line or printed documentation ("Product").

BY INSTALLING, COPYING, OR OTHERWISE USING THE SOFTWARE, 
YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY ALL OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS
OF THE LICENSE AGREEMENT.

GRANT OF LICENSE.
Provided that you comply with all terms and conditions of
this agreement, Success Software Solutions grants you a 
nonexclusive license including the following rights:

(a) You may install and use the Product on all computers 
and iPhones located at your premises.
(b) You may NOT distribute, whether via AppStore, Cydia
or other store, any software that uses or incorporates
the Product in its whole, or the major FAST Corner part
of it.
(c) To ease up (b), you may use the code as reference for
your own coding, provided you don't take the key 
functionality as-is.
(d) Success Software Solutions reserves all rights not 
expressly granted to you in this agreement.

NO WARRANTY.
This Product is provided on an "as is" basis without
warranty of any kind, expressed or implied, including, but
not limited to implied warranties of merchantability or
fitness for a particular purpose. All other warranties are
also expressly disclaimed.

LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. 
Under no circumstances and under no legal theory, tort,
contract, or otherwise, shall Success Software Solutions 
be liable to you or any other person for any indirect, 
special, incidental, or consequential damages of any 
character including, without limitation, damages for
loss of goodwill, work stoppage, computer failure or 
malfunction, or any and all other commercial damages or 
losses. In no event will Success Software Solutions be 
liable for any damages in excess of the amount Success 
Software Solutions received from you for a license to 
the Product, even if Success Software Solutions shall 
have been informed of the possibility of such damages, 
or for any claim by any other party.

SUITABILITY.
The persons or company using this Product are solely
responsible for thoroughly testing it to make sure it
works to their satisfaction before purchasing a license
and incorporating it into their programs. By obtaining a
license, the licensee indicates that the Product has met
his/her expectations and runs to his/her satisfaction.

TERMINATION.
This agreement terminates, you lose all rights licensed to
you, and you must stop use of the Product if you:
a) fail to comply with any term or condition of this
   License Agreement or
b) do not pay the license fee, when by the above conditions you should.

